Okay, this is what we did earlier, and I obviously wasted a lot of time and money because I had to revert it all back. We took the athlete board and we basically made it just like the weekly meal board and the other two, the GLP-1 and the diabetic. The only difference was is we had carbs. Instead of breakfast, lunch, and dinner, we had meal 1, meal 2, meal 3, meal 4, meal 5, meal 6, and it was created to make meals like a bodybuilder. Basically, we want the guardrails to create meals like a bodybuilder does where you have high-protein, low-carb meals. Sometimes you need higher carbs, sometimes you don't, but the coach or the client can just make the meals the same setup as the weekly meal board because the way it's set up now, it's not working. The only difference is the meal selection is going to—the guardrails are going to be dedicated to bodybuilding. The meal cards are not breakfast, lunch, and dinner. They're meal 1, meal 2, meal 3, meal 4, meal 5, meal 6. Six is all we need. Sometimes people will do five sometimes, but they will do somewhere between three and six, and it needs to continue to have the macros because the coach will set the macros and it'll be on the page. Then the client can—once it's on the page and the client does it, they can send those macros over to the macro calculator. We want it on that page because it's also going to be for people who don't use coaches. We did this before, and now I had to revert it all. I had to roll back because the page routing was broken. Then we found out why, so we didn't have to do it. Anyway, can you do that for me? Can you make the athlete meal board a direct replica of the weekly meal board with those changes of the meal card, the guardrails for bodybuilding type meal selections? We're going to do the same thing. They're going to be able to pick their food just like the weekly meal board. They're going to be able to pick their food and all that kind of stuff. Also, make sure the macros that the coach set stays on the athlete meal board. Take a look at the athlete meal board and keep that in mind. I want you to tell me what I just said. Repeat it back to me. Talk to the architect and let me know what you're going to do and wait for my approval.