Excellent. Let's save that real quick. I'm going to publish that. What we're going to do next is, now that we're on the biometrics page, we have a sign that's flashing saying weight synced from macro calculator. Your weight has been pre-filled in the body stat section below. Click Save Weight to add to your history. What this really needs to say is that your macro targets are active and live. Your macro targets are set in today's macros. Now you're going to scroll down to save your weight. When you save your weight, you will be redirected to build your meal plans. That Save button, as soon as they click the Save button, it's going to take them to the planner page. All of those buttons, right now it's all of them, they will all be blinking. At the top, there will be a bubble. This bubble will open up and say, choose your meal board. I think we need to change the weekly meal board to a different name so people know it's just regular. That's for regular people. The other one is diabetic, GLP, and athletes board. I think once we do this and set this up, when a person signs up and they pick the board they're going to use, they don't get the diabetic board, they don't get the other boards. Right now, all the boards are there while we're learning, while we're building the app. Once they hit Save, once they click that set your macros and it comes over here, that sign needs to tell them what's going on. It needs to say, your macros are now set in today's macros. Scroll down to save your weight. Once you save your weight, you will be directed to build your meals. As soon as they click that button, boom, they go right to the planner page and a bubble says, hey, pick your meal builder, something like that. Does that make sense? Tell me that you understand and we'll go from there. You're going to have to change the sign. Everything worked great on the macro calculator. That's good. We don't have to mess with that. When we get here, it needs to say a flashing thing saying, you set your targets, save, go build your plan.