Describe option A to me a little bit better. What are you trying to say that if a coach needs to add another meal, they can? This is what I want. Okay. I'm going to tell you what I want. I want regular people eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner. When you're training for competition, when you're training to lean out, you have to increase your protein. You have to increase. So if you're going to do 300 grams of protein, you can't do that in one sitting. You're going to break that up into, when I competed, I broke it up into five sittings. So I would do 50, 60 grams of protein five times a day. Okay. Some people will do six, I did 60 grams of protein five times a day. Some people might do 50 grams of protein six times a day. So you have to be able to add meals. If you're a coach or you're a person training like this, I want the snack to be all on its own. The snack is a completely different thing because you don't have to have a snack. You can have one if you want to. And it has to be healthy snacks. So the ingredients for the snacks needs to be a lot of great choices for foods and desserts and stuff like that, that they can pick. Okay. I want chicken nuggets, but I want them to be healthy. I want a parfait. I want this, I want that, whatever. So that's what I want. I need those meal slots. And that coach may, if they have six meal slots, they might only use five. They might only use four, but they do need to have the option. Okay. Those meals are all going to add up to the daily total for their proteins. The snacks are going to be completely on its own. So the snack card, I don't want it to be necessarily something that, I just want it to be standalone. And all of those meals, one, two, three, four, five, six, let's say a coach wants to add a meal card. Even if we can put that, let's say you have five meal cards and the coach has an option to add a meal, then they can just add a meal card. But I don't know if we can do that. So that's what needs to be done. So tell me what you think now.